(applause)
♪ (soft music)
♪ Rice happy he who hides from pomp and power
♪ In silven shade or solitary bower
♪ Where balmy zephyrs fan his burning cheeks
- Clown, king of clowns, leave the stage at once!
♪ (dramatic music)
- Who is it? - It's Cyrano.
- I was afraid he'd do this.
♪ Rice happy he who hides from pomp and power
- Wretch!
Did I not forbid you to appear this month?
♪ (dramatic music)
- Yes, be quiet! - Quiet!
- Go on, Loperine.
♪ (dramatic music)
- Rice happy he who, he who indeed!
Donkey say rather hee-haw!
♪ (dramatic music)
Be gone!
Or must I come and help you off the stage myself?
♪ (dramatic music)
What?
Still there?
♪ (dramatic music)
- Where balmy zephyrs fan his burning cheek?
- Fat swine, if you dare breathe one balmy zephyr more,
I'll fan your cheeks for you!
- Play, Sears, if you will protect me.
- Proceed, proceed. - Go on.
- Sir, I will not allow you to insult me in this manner.
- Really?
What manner would you prefer?
- Quiet down there!
We'll tolerate no more of this!
Go on with the play, Montfleury.
(all clamoring)
- Unless these gentlemen retain their seats,
my sword may bite their ribbons.
Who is this braggart?